doc: orphaned instance deletion (#1095)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/advanced-resources/data-cleanup/orphaned-data-cleanup.md

    ```

> 6. By default, Longhorn will not automatically delete the orphaned replica directory. One can enable the automatic deletion by setting `orphan-resource-auto-deletion`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. By default, Longhorn will not automatically delete the orphaned replica directory. You can enable automatic deletion by setting the `orphan-resource-auto-deletion` setting.
```

    Additionally, one can delete all orphaned replica directories on the specified node by
    ```
    # kubectl -n longhorn-system delete orphan -l "longhorn.io/orphan-type=replica-instance,longhornnode=<node name>”
    ```

#### Manage Orphaned Replica Directories via Longhorn UI

> In the top navigation bar of the Longhorn UI, click `Setting > Orphaned Data > Replica Data Orphans`. Orphaned replica directories on each node and in each disk are listed. One can delete the directories by `Operation > Delete`.
> 
> By default, Longhorn will not automatically delete the orphaned replica directory. One can enable the automatic deletion in `Setting > General > Orphan`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete orphaned replica directories through the Longhorn UI:

1. In the top navigation bar, go to `Setting > Orphaned Data > Replica Data Orphans`.
2. Review the listed orphaned replica directories per node and disk.
3. To delete a directory, click `Operation > Delete`.

By default, Longhorn does not delete orphaned replica directories automatically.  
To enable automatic deletion, go to `Setting > General > Orphan`.
```

    Additionally, one can delete all orphaned replica directories on the specified node by
    ```
    # kubectl -n longhorn-system delete orphan -l "longhorn.io/orphan-type=replica-instance,longhornnode=<node name>”
    ```

#### Manage Orphaned Replica Directories via Longhorn UI

To delete orphaned replica directories through the Longhorn UI:

1. In the top navigation bar, go to `Setting > Orphaned Data > Replica Data Orphans`.

> 2. Review the listed orphaned replica directories per node and disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Review the list of orphaned replica directories grouped by node and disk.
```
